Hi, there! My name's Hannah, and I'm a twenty-year-old college student who's
trying to enjoy the fun in life. (By that I mean that I grow a lot of plants and
like a strong cup of tea). I grew up in a small town surrounded by cornfields,
but now I live in Chicago-a big change, I know. I'm studying chemical engineering
which means that I take a LOT of chemistry classes, math classes, and ... other
classes in the hopes that I can one day learn to mesh all this knowledge together
and solve some real problems for a factory. But enough about my major-we'll get
to that later. What else would you like to know about me? I could tell you that
I have a cat named Socks, a best friend named Lauren, and a brother named Kyle.
Or maybe you'd like to know that my favorite season is fall, my favorite color
is green (like this), and my favorite book is Ender's game.

This semester I'm taking a class to learn the basics of web design. Now, I know
what you might be thinking-what does web design have to do with chemical
engineering?? Trust me, I've thought about it too, but this is 2018, and I've
been wanting to learn a computer language other than MATLAB for some time now,
so here I am. Now you might be thinking, "Hannah, what do you hope to do by
learning things like HTML, CSS, and Javascript?" Well, I'm so glad you asked.
You see, in addition to my nerdy classes, I'm also in charge of PR for two
student organizations on my campus. Because of this position, I have to manage
and update our websites pretty often. However, the website for one of these
groups (my favorite one) doesn't look very pretty or professional, and the
other group doesn't even have a website right now. I'm hoping to be able to make
a site for one of these clubs during this semester and then be able to make
another page for the other organization sometime in the future (maybe during one
of my holiday breaks). So there you have it. I'm trying to learn how to make
webpages so that I can do my PR job better.

Alright, new friend, it's time to talk about my major again. First of all, I'm
third-year student, so I'm pretty much halfway through with college. Now, let's
talk about what I've done for the past 2 years here and what I hope to do during
the last two. Actually, let's step back a little more and discover why I even
want to be a chemical engineer in the first place (I actually get this question
a lot-usually coupled with a grimace). When I was a senior in high school, I
decided that I really wanted to work for L'Oreal because of a girls in STEM
campaign they ran. There was only one problem-I didn't know what major to pursue
in order to get hired for their R&D department. Lucky for me, I met the dean of
engineering on one of my college visits in Indiana, and he told me that I should
study chemical engineering if I wanted to get in the company's good graces. I
took that info and ran with it, and here I am today. For the past two years I've
studied for my classes and gotten really involved with my campus's ChemE club,
AIChE. During my last two years I want to take a step back from some of my PR
duties for them so I can focus on research and internships.

After I graduate, I hope to either get a job relating to pharmaceuticals,
cosmetics, or nuclear energy. However, I've also recently been thinking about
moving back home to get my masters in chemical or agricultural engineering. (I
mean, I did grow up surrounded by corn). I'm not really sure what these next two
years and life beyond this campus holds for me, but I'm learning to be content
with the unknown and enjoy the journey.
